I don't have anything to ask her about right now.


I need to find a map or something. I have no idea where the nearest bus stop is.


It looks like another paper was left this morning. Why do I get the feeling someone WANTS David to find out about these incidents?


Styles wanted me to leave my cell phone number. I should talk to Mrs Dalton about that before I go.


That's it!


All I have is five pounds. I should never have bought that piece-of-crap bike in Liverpool. It wiped me out!


The Daedalus Club, London. I WILL get there, one way or another!


My first magic book. The tricks are kind of juvenile, but the basic techniques are timeless. I never go anywhere without it.


Sam: OK. I'll pick my prediction card.


OK, you start!


OK, I'll start.


You start this time!


OK, I'll start.


Go ahead and pick two cards.


OK, I'll start.


Play again


End game


OK


Wrong selection!


This represents one of the colleges. But which one?


*Ring ring*


*Busy tone*


This number is no longer available. Please check the number you are calling and try again.


Those are Mrs Dalton's contacts. I don't need to call them.


Those are Mrs Dalton's contacts. I don't need to call them.


I don't think I should call him until I've done what he asked. He doesn't seem to have much of a sense of humour.


No reason to call there at the moment.


I'll need my magic book. I left it back at Dread Hill House in my backpack.


I don't think that really applies here.


That trick doesn't fit the situation.


Huh! I like that one. But it doesn't really make sense in this case.


Yes, that should work.


I can only set up the first part of the trick to get the letter, for now.


Now I can finish the trick and put the letter back.


This is a Daedalus Club riddle! My first one!


A good-quality deck of cards. Indispensable.


I guess the Daedalus Club can wait a little longer. At least London's not far away.


I'm going to be performing at the Daedalus Club! I can hardly believe it! God! I've got to be brilliant.


This needs to go to Houdini.


This fits Houdini's cage.


Houdini must be thirsty. I should put this on his cage.


Desperate times call for desperate measures. I gotta put some money back in the till.


Styles paid me a week in advance! It feels good not to be stone broke.


Of course, that means I actually have to STAY here for at least a week.


I'm doing OK on money. I have other things to worry about now.


This shouldn't be too hard. Students always need money... right?


Apparently, it's going to be a lot harder getting students for Dr Dread than I thought.


It's a "piece of gold" for "The Betrayer's Price". According to the riddle, there are four more hidden somewhere around Oxford.


I still need to find a few more of these "pieces of gold". It looks like they'll form an image when I have them all.


I just need one more "piece of gold".


It's an ideogram! It probably tells me the name of the next location.


Hmm. I bet it's a clue to a new location. I wonder where I could find a reference to the Oxford coats of arms...


This has to be a clue to the next location. I guess it means I'm looking for a pub. But which one?


I'll need to find something to help me open this - without it looking like I've opened it.


It wouldn't do any good to put THAT in the letter.


Now I can seal it, and it's ready to go.


Now I just need to return this to its rightful owner.


Horspath Track? That's the track we "imagined" last night! How weird.


Hmmm. This is not good. I need to look into this!


I need to look into this Horspath Track thing.


What happened at the track was definitely weird. I'd better do some checking up on Styles.


I have just the place for these.


I know where to put the rest of these flowers.


That will have to do for now. Luckily, the library card reader doesn't care what the photo looks like!


I did a good job replacing the photo. It looks pretty convincing. It wouldn't pass a "cop test", but then, it shouldn't have to.


I should get this to Susan Whittier at the Neurobiology Department.


Dr Styles writes well, but I don't believe in psi powers or the paranormal or any of that stuff.


This article seems to be well known. I hope Dr Styles didn't set himself up for a con by professing his belief in the paranormal!


Wow. This looks like a very pointed attack on Styles's "Scientific American" article. That had to hurt.


If someone's screwing with Styles, this article makes Linkweller a pretty big suspect. He has a major stick up his butt about Styles's theories.


This certainly is bluntly written. But I think I'm missing something. I need to find some of Dr Styles's articles.


It's an old phone list of the staff in the Neurobiology Department.


Good. Now I just need something to hold it in place.


Now it's ready to go.


I should do the blood before the spirit gum, or it'll get messy.


This looks pretty legit, actually. Who knew you could get most of the benefits of exercising just from imagining it?


There's a session schedule attached.


I should keep my eyes open for that contractor's report.


I suppose I could take the report over to Oxford and drop it off.


Well! He's a charmer.


Don't get too comfortable, Houdini.


That was almost too easy! I feel guilty for taking his money.


I want to sort those files before Dr Charm gets up. "Straining me too awfully" my ass.


I don't need to call anyone right now. I'm still working on getting six "lost lambs".


I'm kind of curious to see who signed it - and who didn't.


Laura at our lake cottage... I wanted to rebuild the memory of a night we went swimming there. I'll take this for a visual cue.


Blue tiles. And... yes... There is something odd about this photo.


I need to examine this more closely.


The water was really purple! I think I'll hang onto this.


Hello?


Get back here immediately. You're late.


Uh... Maybe you have the wrong person. This is not normally my phone.


I know exactly who this is. We have a lot to do to prepare for tonight. Get back here at once.


Dr Styles...? Um, look. I've got four people, but I still need two more. If you'd give me an hour...


You found four volunteers?


Yes. It wasn't easy.


That's enough. I had another student call to volunteer today, and you'll be the sixth.


I'll what?


Now get back here at once.


Wonderful. Now instead of finding suckers, I am one.


Charles's mother certainly is... involved. Must be nice to have someone who actually gives a crap.


Convenient of her to include a health fair flyer. That works.


Ouch! Hot!


It's a steam vent.


I don't need to steam the letter again.


Here... That will do nicely.


I need to find a few more sensory items that link Laura and this park.


This new environment must help me reach Laura today.


I need something to do that.


I don't want to use the phone right now. I don't have anyone to call at the moment, and I could miss something important from the telephone spy.


I'm not sure who might be guilty anymore. So I'd better keep my distance from the others.


Well... I need to know, after all.


Hello?


Hello, Mrs Ettington?


Yes? Can I help you?


Yes, I'm Ms Pembroke from St Edmund Hall College, at Oxford University. We have a problem concerning the registration of your son, Charles...


What's the matter? Nothing important, I hope? Is he fine?


Nothing important, Madam. But we happen to have some confusion about Charles's photograph. Could you describe your son, please?


Oh, yes. My boy's tall, with a lovely angel face and blue eyes, and adorable blond hair. Is everything okay for the school?


Well, that's strange. Because the photograph we have on file shows him kind of shorter, and... heavier.


Oh, yes, he changed a lot last year. He joined the athletics team and shot up a good eight inches. You don't know how disconcerting it is to have your son turn into a "hunk".


Hmm. I suppose it's okay, then. Thank you for your time, Mrs Ettington.


That's all right. Goodbye.


Well, so much for my theories.


I don't need to call her back.


Samantha, I was looking for you earlier. You must have some new gossip on our fellow lambs by now.


Well, er, I was calling to confirm that the experiment is still, like, planned for tonight.


Hmm. You didn't investigate further? Then again, I haven't heard of any incident related to last night's session. So maybe everything's okay?


We'll discuss that later. Gotta go!


I'm sure Christ Church Hall is the right location. There's got to be something there.


Hogwarts? This must point to a location in Oxford. Maybe someplace used in the film? I wonder where I could get that information?


It's a ticket to the University Museum. Part of the riddle must be there.


This ideogram tells me the name of the last location. If I can decipher it!


That's it!


I just need one more "piece of gold".


"Pieces of gold" for "C Railer Swoll". I need to find more pieces.


It's obviously altered.


This invitation doesn't have an address, and neither does the matchbook. Where IS the club, anyway? I can't just go to London and wander around.


Maybe if I get my hands on a map, I can figure it out.


There's no address on this invitation, or on the matchbook I have from the Club. I need to figure out where I'm going tonight... Assuming I can go!


I can't believe I might be performing at the Daedalus Club tonight. This is the biggest gig of my life!


I'm going to get evidence with this camera tonight.


Maybe even a picture of the perpetrator!


These shots won't help me prove anything!


This key looks new. It hasn't been under that statue for very long.


I need to look around Dread Hill House, and see if I can find any clues about how these "Laura" appearances are being done - and by whom!


I have a feeling the events on campus and these "Laura" sightings are all part of the same con. I just can't figure out why the Laura sightings are necessary.


The ending of this little game may be even worse than I imagined.


Helena would kill me if she knew I had this key.


Good thing I have this key to Helena's room. I can't believe she had me completely fooled!


Pretty nice memento. I wonder what significance the London landmarks have?


These London landmarks... Maybe they have something to do with the club's location? Hmmm. I need a map of London.


These London landmarks may have something to do with the club's location. I should compare them to the map.


The coins tell you the club's location on the map. Pretty cool!


My "C Railer Swoll" coin. There are different London landmarks on this one.


I'm going to be performing at the Daedalus Club! I can hardly believe it! God! I've got to be brilliant.


I hope David goes for the idea of using a discus tonight. I can't wait to catch the perp with his pants down!


I hope David lets us use the discus in today's experiment. It will be the end for Mephistopheles and Helena - and I can't wait!


There's a Daedalus Club logo on the egg, all right. But it's perfectly smooth. I don't see any means of opening it.


There must be SOMETHING that will trigger it to open. How do you open an egg?


This map will come in handy when I get to London.


I need to find the location of the Daedalus Club. I must have something that can help me figure it out on this map.


Hmmm. That's not helping.


There's no address on that. Or any other distinguishing features that can help me find the location.


That's not right.


That circle's a little raggedy. I don't think that's right.


Well, that connects them. But it doesn't tell me much.


Hmmm. I think we need a fifth point to make a decent star.


An X... I wonder... The exact centre of the X is a street corner. I bet that's it! That's the location of the Daedalus Club!


The coins tell you the club's location on the map. Pretty cool!


Linkweller here.


Schnookums? It's me, Shel.


Shelly! *ahem* I hope you're not cancelling on me tonight. I bought a lovely bottle of champagne.


And it's bridge night for your wife, I know.


Actually, I'm calling about class. You know that paper that's due tomorrow? Well, I'm going to be just a few days late.


Muffy was sick last night and I was up all hours. It must be this new cat food. You know how sensitive her tummy is.


Shel, er, you know I can't show favouritism...


Well, if I can't be late, then I'll have to work on the paper tonight. Guess we'll see each other next week, then.


Aha! This isn't exactly what I hoped for - but it might come in handy.


Thanks, Schnooks. See you tonight!


I need to find more keys.


I just need one more key!


I think I need some clues to search for the Daedalus Club.


Yeah. I think those famous locations on the coin should help me.


Hmm. I don't think I remember seeing this on the coins. I'd better look more closely.


Okay. Now I know that the Daedalus Club is in that area. But it's still a huge zone to search.


There's just gotta be some way for me to narrow it down.


Hmm... I don't think that would lead me anywhere. Let's try something else.


Maybe I should try to link these points, to get a single place on the map.


That's it! I'm sure that's where the Daedalus Club is!


These machines are antiques. They're supposed to reveal the truth - for a price.


Another Zoltan.


The Daedalus Club has quite the collection of old carnival machines.


I like this one. But I'm not enough of a sucker to feed it a quarter.


Yet another Zoltan.


The magic lantern! I might be able to distract Angela with that.


But what should I put in it?


No, that won't work to distract Angela.


Ready!


Now I have an excuse to go visit the Oxford Neurobiology Department.


I have a departmental staff list and a sympathy card that I got in Dr Styles's files. Maybe I could compare the two and see who in the department didn't sign the card.


When I was at the Neurobiology Department, it was hinted that Dr Styles had enemies there. Maybe I could compare the sympathy card and the staff list to see who didn't like David Styles.


Dodo's egg.


Even magic couldn't make THAT work.


I can't make anything out of those two items.


That won't work.


Those items don't combine.


Seems impossible to me.


I hardly think so.


I'd better get away from Charles to call his mother...


Oh, my god! David's been seeing Laura in the house! But he's not hallucinating. I saw Laura on the stairs myself!


This is worse than I thought! They're doing things in the house, too. And making him think it's Laura! That's just sick!


I have to find out what's going on!


I don't think two locations are enough.


I can't wait to go to the Daedalus Club! But I need to finish some stuff around here...


No, that's really not anything like a Daedalus Club riddle. There should a be a more subtle or natural way of opening an egg...


Hogwarts? I guess part of the movie was filmed here. But where on campus?


I tucked the "Help me!" box into the toilet paper. That should keep anyone from noticing it if they see it lying around.


There's nothing else Ramusskin can tell me. Nothing I want to hear, anyway.


Abram Linkweller must be the enemy in the department.


Flour from the kitchen. It's a useful substance for making the invisible visible.


It's a paper fairy that Angela made.


My coin from "Betrayer's Price". It has the Houses of Parliament on the front and St Paul's Cathedral on the back.


I won this coin by nailing "C Railer Swoll". It has two landmarks on it: British Museum and Buckingham Palace.


We used that discus in this afternoon's experiment. I had the students visualise throwing it.


Foster Care, Virginia. Maybe they can tell me something about this stranger I've let into my house.


Christ Church Meadows!


That's it!


That's it!


Mephistopheles gave me this magic lantern. You put something inside, and its image is projected into the room.


The fairy fits inside the magic lantern. But I don't have a reason to put it in there at the moment.


That doesn't work.


Those two things don't go together.


"First Year Student Orientation Party at St Edmund's Quad". It's... today.


Freshmen!


Helena was in London in October of 2002. That's close enough to pass by Oxford. I'd better note that for Styles.


The key to my private lab. Not even Mrs Dalton is allowed in there.


I don't know why I carry my wallet. I hardly ever leave the house.


A girl travelling on her own needs more than a few tricks up her sleeve...


I finally got my pass for the Daedalus club. This is so great!


It's the "C Railer Swoll" riddle from the Black Wand.


This represents one of the colleges.


A beer coaster.


I need to compare this with Angela's MRI scan.


Interesting. This is signed by a bunch of people in the Neurobiology Department. I should see if I can find a personnel list to compare it with.


Apples.


Water from the fountain.


Fake blood from the magic shop.


This fake thumb is a little big for me. But I can make it work.


I bought everything I need to make flash powder traps. Now I just need to assemble them.


I can't believe I'm doing this. But desperate times... and all that.


It's one of Helena's hairpins.


This magnet is just the right size for palming.


I may need these handcuffs.


Disappearing ink. A true classic.


The "Betrayer's Price" ideogram.


The "C Railer Swoll" ideogram.


I got Susan's key! Good old bottomless-cup trick.


There's no address on this damned poster. I need someone who can tell me where the club is located. And fast. I think I'll have to drop in on Lady Byron's big night!


I've carried this matchbook around forever. And now, I'm actually here!


I need to place these flash powder traps strategically. I want them to go off when the perpetrator enters the room.


The fake thumb is all set up for my trick.


That fake blood on the fake thumb looks real. Gross.


The noisemaker will be disguised by the toilet paper. Good!


This is the wine we were drinking that night at the lake.


Toilet paper. It has so many practical applications.


I still need one more item to finish the trap.


This is an El Cheapo device, only working for incoming calls. But I think I know just were to put it.


Harvey's Super 8 tape. It's about the same size as a deck of cards.


I can compare the phone list with the signatures on the condolence card.


I need a few more sensory items for my experiment today.


Spirit gum. Useful for applying fake hair and body parts.


Plain paper.


The scent of Laura's hair... It triggered a memory of the music we were listening to that night. It was "Safe in Arms" by The Scarlet Furies.


This little device cries for help. So cute!


This noisemaker makes a grinding noise. It sounds like a garbage disposal or a blender.


A purple key.


Linkweller is the only person in the Neurobiology Department who didn't sign the condolence card.


I just need one more sensory item for today's experiment.


I have all the sensory items I need. Now to prepare the tank.


The postcard says, "The trial of Archbishop Cranmer, Christ Church Cathedral".


That's it! Now if I can just solve this rebus, I should be able to finish the game.


I need to talk to the Lambs' Club about the time change. But maybe I'll just head over to St Edmund quad. They hang out there.


Stacks of blank paper.


I don't need that stuff anymore!


I don't need that anymore.


I don't have anything to ask him at the moment.


London clubs can be so ridiculously secretive. I need someone who could pull a private address. And I think I know who to ask.


Those look a lot like the type of cups magicians use.


I found this in Charles's room.


It doesn't really make sense in this case.


The Daedalus Club is the coolest thing ever.


Not here. I must be more close to Linkweller's office to sneak in quickly.


Just another shop.


The texture of Laura's suit was very helpful in boosting my memory.


I want to speak to Dr Styles about changing the experiment plan, but I'll need to use expert manipulation. I'd better do it face-to-face. He's probably in the lab.


Damn! Samantha isn't answering her cell phone.


The Scarlet Furies. That's one we were listening to at the lake.


That's a curious piece.


"This discreet device will play the associated sound when pressing the button."


I should compare the signatures on this card to a personnel list from the Neurobiology Department.


I should cross off the names that appear on both lists.


I picked this up to make flash powder traps. But I still need more ingredients from the store.


There! These flash powder traps are ready to go.


That's a part of the "Betrayer's Price" riddle. I solved it!


I could use it as reference to the brain scan image from the experiment.


I don't need that anymore.


