That girl is in that room. I wish she'd stay at Oxford.
Sam's room. She's probably not here, as usual.
I would like to search the bedroom. But David might be in there. I don't want to get caught snooping around.
I suppose I could check David's room now. But if he caught me, he'd freak.
Hmm. Looks like it might be another bedroom. Don't think I'll go there.
Um... Not sure whose room that is. But I think I'd better stay out of it.
I think that's Dr Styles's room. It's a bit... weird that our rooms are so close together.
He can move. I'm not giving up my room. No way.
David's room.
Dr Styles?
Mrs Dalton?
Samantha Everett!
That's probably another bedroom. I'd better not open it - the occupant might get annoyed.
I guess none of these rooms have been used since the clinic closed.
Spare rooms. I keep them locked.
Looks like a monk. Or Quasimodo post-surgery.
One of my ancestors salvaged pieces from a burned cathedral and installed them in Dread Hill House.
Laura wanted to clean some of it out, but... she never got the chance.
Weird painting. A woman and an owl... I like it. Pretty surreal.
I think that's Laura. I wonder what the owl means? A totem? A pet? Curious.
Laura's father found a baby owl while hunting and brought it home. She loved it. It died the night before our wedding day. Put a slight damper on things.
I don't see anything suspicious.
No wires, nothing.
There's nothing rigged to these chairs.
Nothing.
I don't see anything suspicious.
Well, if someone's been rigging the house, they've done a good job of cleaning it out again.
I need to get out of here before they figure out I'm an imposter.
But first, I need to find a map, or bus schedule, or something so I can figure out where I'm going!
Those gargoyles look like they were taken from an old building or something.
Some dusty old armour in there.
That's probably another bedroom. And there might be someone in it.
Imagine having enough space in a hallway for chairs. In the houses I grew up in, you'd be lucky to be able to get down the hall with a backpack.


I just heard on the radio... There was an incident at the pool of St Edmund Hall last night. And they mentioned another one at Horspath Track the night before.


What happened at the pool?


I want you to go over there immediately and find out what happened. Exactly what happened. I want a detailed report.


You want me to investigate?


Well, I can't go! You'll have to be my eyes and ears, Sam.


OK.


Well, what are you waiting for? An engraved invitation? Go!


Not good.


This is where the "ghost" disappeared. I should look around to see if there is some mechanism hidden around here.


I'm pretty sure there are some places I left unsearched on this floor.


I found THAT in my bed this morning. If that rabbit's not careful, he's going to end up as a pair of bunny slippers.


Oh, god. I'm sorry. He must really like you. He's never gotten in bed with anyone but me before. He's not that kind of rabbit.


He's not gonna be any kind of a rabbit if he does it again. And you - where were you last night?


I...


I realise that you are not a scientist, Samantha. But there ARE such principles as test conditions.


How on earth can I conduct a valid experiment if I can't even keep something as basic as the test subjects the same every night?


I'm sorry! I thought I could get home on time, but I got delayed, and...


I mean, how are the other students to take this seriously, when you, my assistant, come and go as you please? Do you think...


What is that?


What a goose egg! Are you all right? What happened?


I'm fine! I fell down some stairs yesterday. I had to sit for a while. That's, um, why I was late.


Any double vision? Headache?


No, I'm fine. Really.


Well, I think we should go to the hospital right away.


Please! I really don't want to do that. I'm fine.


Look, is there anything specific you wanted me to do today?


Actually, there was something... How well do you know Angela and Helena?


Not well. Do you have any reason to suspect them?


Yes. But don't ask me what. I don't have time to explain it.


I'd like you to research their backgrounds - how long they've been at Oxford, where they were before, and anything else you can find out.


And I'd like you to go over to the weight room and see if anyone saw someone lurking about the place last night.


OK.


Report back to me later today. And you're not off the hook for last night. Don't do it again.


Helena and Angela?

