Good day, Miss Everett.


Hi.


Hi, Mephistopheles.


Miss Everett. How kind of you to visit.


Ah, Miss Everett. Lovely to see you.


Thanks.


It's the Daedalus Club logo!


Hmmm. Is that really wise, I wonder?


Is it? My, my. What a mystery.


I'm sure that's the Daedalus Club logo!


That's the Daedalus Club logo.


This deserves a careful approach. I should see what the owner can tell me about it first.


Twenty-one! That did it!


Can I be of assistance, young lady?


I hope so.


That IS a Daedalus Club puzzle box, isn't it? I recognise the club logo.


Do you? And what would an American like you know about the Daedalus Club?


I've been in Europe for almost two years now. I know a lot of street magicians on the continent.


Ah. I thought you had the look. Watch carefully.


Where's the ball?


Where's the ball?


Very nice, my dear. My name is Mephistopheles. And who are you?


Samantha Everett. Sam. But my stage name is Lady Byron.


No. Never heard of you.


Well, I haven't been in England long.


So about the Daedalus Club... I know they have a dinner club in London. Are they here in Oxford, too? Do they run this shop?


As in the Roman times, we are merely a lowly outpost and not the thing itself.


I heard they run public games, riddles and scavenger hunts, that kind of thing. Is that what the box is? A public game? They might put those in any friendly establishment.


They might.


You're curious to know what I know about the Daedalus Club.


Oh, very. Will you indulge an old man?


I worked with the Great Scarpelli in Rome last summer. He told me a lot.


The Great Scarpelli... Red-haired, garlic-breathed old con man who favours chickens in his act?


That's him. He's very talented, you know.


Oh, I know.


He said it's the most secret club for magicians and illusionists on earth. All the great masters belong to it.


Do they? And what other morsels did he divulge?


To become a member, you have to pull off a "grand game". Like a major public illusion, or legendary con. He's worked on one for several years, but hasn't perfected it yet.


A common fate, I'm afraid. But one must always start somewhere, Miss Everett. And a good place might be that box.


Yes. I believe you're right. Thank you.


The riddle says something about "the scholars' heart". Is that a particular part of Oxford? I'm not familiar with the city.


I would take that to mean the heart of the University, which is where you are right now.


But I wouldn't depend on my help, if I were you. I'm a miser with it, for one thing. And if you got aid, how would you know if you were worthy of the game - and the game of you?


I didn't... Right. Never mind.


What happens if I win the game?


What happens? Only one way to find out.


I was going to buy a few things today. For my... nephew. He's just starting out.


Your nephew has good taste. I still find those items useful myself.


Take what you need and pay me on the way out.


Thanks.


I already have that.


I picked up a few things. I need to pay you before I go.


I know what you took.


Twelve pounds, please.


Neat trick, that one.


Merely a shopkeeper's necessity, Miss Everett. Enjoy your day.


Thanks. I will.


Three pounds, if you please.


Six pounds exactly.


That will be nine pounds.


Fifteen pounds, if you'd be so kind.


Eighteen pounds, Miss Everett.


That comes to twenty-one pounds.


I'd like to pay before I go.


Right you are.


Thank you, Miss Everett.


I need to pay for some items.


There you go.


Your patronage is appreciated. Good day.


Bye.


What can I do for you today, Miss Everett?


Mind if I ask a few questions?


The asker always reveals more than the one who answers. Ask away.


Are you a member of the Daedalus Club?


If I were a member, I'd be sworn by oath not to reveal the name of any member, and that would include myself. Do you know what the penalty is for breaking an oath?


No, what?


Is it true that every member of the Daedalus Club once pulled off a grand game?


Oh, yes. It doesn't matter who you know or how successful you might be. Even CIA codebreakers have to create a game.


There are CIA codebreakers in the Daedalus Club?


Certainly. It's about The Game in all its forms. Though magic and illusion play a large role, naturally.


Naturally. So... Can you tell me more about what a grand game is exactly?


I suppose I might tell you about some of the famous games of the past. Those that became so well known they can't really be considered secret anymore.


You have my attention. Tell me about some of the famous grand games.


Let's see... There was the successful TV illusionist. He was famous for making large things disappear.


You mean...


Ah-ah-ah! No names, please. As it happens, one of his most legendary stunts was to make the Statue of Liberty disappear from the New York Harbour for 30 minutes.


I remember that!


It wasn't just for the TV cameras. That feat was a bid for entry to the Daedalus Club.


No way! Did he get in?


Remember the eye, my dear. Remember the eye.


Tell me about another grand game.


This one caused quite a scandal. Tiffany's in London had a window display of a ring called the "Krensfield Star". The pink diamond in this ring was worth millions.


Yeah?


One day the Tiffany's manager noticed that the ring was gone. The security guards remembered a well-dressed, frail old lady who had stopped to ask questions. Within hours, the theft was all over the news and the police were searching the city.


They kept getting strange tips about this little old lady and were led on a merry chase. It was on the news all day, getting more and more bizarre.


But...


What is it?


Did they really steal the ring?


My dear, do you think the Daedalus Club would accept a thief? Let me finish the story.


No, in the end, the ring was found the next morning - in Scotland Yard. In the cup of coffee of the chief detective on the case.


Oh, that is awesome!


With my luck, though, I'd end up in jail.


There's always risk in a great game. Managing it is the sign of a master. But... it's not a stunt I would recommend to you, no.


Any more grand games you can tell me about?


Just one more, I think.


This was a game a potential member designed for his wife. She was a twin and had been separated from her sister when they were small.


The man found the twin and plotted a way for the two women to meet. One of the sisters was an antique collector and the other worked for Sotheby's.


He designed a beautiful game that had them both tracking down pieces of an ancient chess set until the quest brought them together.


A lovely piece of work - and touching. Very delicately done.


Hmmm. I see what you mean. There are all kinds of games.


Perhaps someday you will invent yet another "kind", Miss Everett. I look forward to it.


Do you think it's possible that someone could be running a grand game in Oxford... right now?


Is it possible?


Well, not me!


Not me!


I need to talk to you about something.


Be my guest.


I finished "The Betrayer's Price".


Did you? Congratulations are in order. You might want to check the box again. One never knows.


I'll do that.


There's a new riddle! "C Railer Swoll". What does that mean?


I want to show you something.


I took that at the weight room last night.


Hmmm. And you didn't see anyone?


No. It was dark and all I had was the flash powder. That's how I took the picture. Obviously, it didn't get a very wide area.


I was knocked out by one of the weights. When I came to, he was gone.


He? Interesting assumption.


I can't rule out a female magician. I guess I say "he" because I really don't like this person very much.


I was only out a few minutes. By the time I came to, all the weights in the room had been stacked into a pyramid in the middle of the floor. And the wires, or whatever else he used, were gone.


He avoided setting off the traps at both doors. He must have been expecting to be watched last night.


This guy is a master illusionist, maybe one of the best in the world. You must know this person! Who's capable of this kind of work?


Who's capable? Mmmm. I'm really enjoying this one. Yes, indeed. There are only two possibilities, you know.


What are they?


Oh, surely that's obvious.


Well, if you can't tell me who it is, can you at least suggest what I can do to find out on my own? What would you do if you were me?


Your faith in me is touching, Miss Everett. Now let me think...


Why not move the time and location of one of the experiments? Don't tell anyone - keep that between yourself and Dr Styles. Don't even tell the subjects until the last possible moment. Do you see?


Of course! The perpetrator is familiar with the experiment plan and has taken a lot of time working out these stunts. If we change it at the last minute, there's no way he can keep up.


Thanks! That's a great idea.


Hmmm.


Listen, um... I talked to Dr Styles about changing the time and location tonight, as you suggested. But he didn't go for it. He's really adamant about sticking to the experiment plan as written.


Ah. That's unfortunate.


Yeah, I know. Oh well. Just wanted to let you know. It was a good suggestion, though.


Yes. Very glad I made it.


Miss Everett! I was hoping you'd stop by today.


Well, it's nice to be wanted.


I was just putting some things away and I found something you might like.


What is it?


A magic lantern. You put an image inside and the lantern projects it like a hologram. Let's see if it still works.


Oh, wow!


It comes with the butterfly, but you can put any image inside. A popular item with séance mediums back in the day.


How much?


It's been in this window for years. I'd be a fiend to charge you. It's my gift to you.


Really? That's sweet of you. I... Thanks. I might be able to use it in my stage act.


You might.


Thank you.


My pleasure.


Miss Everett.


Hi... Nice to see you.


Yes? Samantha.


I need to talk to you about something that's going on with my employer, Dr Styles.


Yes?


He's running an experiment in the basement of Dread Hill House. There are six students and he has us visualise exercising. It seemed harmless, but then things started getting weird...


...and I couldn't find any traces of dye at the pool, not even in the filters. But I'm not really worried about the pool. It's the track that's the real challenge.


Hmmm. Yes. Being a puzzle man, I find it most intriguing.


Oh, but it's not a puzzle. I know exactly what's going on!


This is someone's grand game! Someone trying to get into the Daedalus Club. Obviously, there's a magician involved.


The wind at the track and the shape in the pool were classic misdirects, distracting the witnesses while the lines were painted and the pool was dyed.


Naturally, one would think that.


Unfortunately, Styles is the perfect victim. He's a recluse, and his published articles make it clear that he's a chump for the supernatural. If I got a copy of his experiment plan, anyone could have gotten it. Someone is using it to plot these stunts.


If it is a game, it's an original one - brilliant, in fact.


Yes, I guess it is brilliant. Brilliant and awful.


Do you know of anyone who might be designing a grand game right now, maybe someone with ties to Oxford? You must know all the magicians in this area.


My dear, the club has members from all over the world and thousands of regular customers. There's always someone running a game.


Indeed, a solution occurs to me. You yourself are running the game, and telling me is your way of alerting the Daedalus Club.


It's not my game!


Pity. I liked that solution.


But don't you see? People could get hurt! Dr Styles, for one. But also students. The people who've witnessed these events have been terrified!


Oh, but being terrified can be thrilling. Gives one something to talk about in old age. In any case, it doesn't sound like any serious harm has been done. Not yet, anyway.


But if it truly isn't your game, then I'd suggest you look at the other students in the experiment. You know what they say - there's always a plant in the house.


Of course. Of course, you're right! One of them has to be in on it. Thank you.


"You must be 21".


"This discreet device will play the associated sound when pressing the button on its remote controller."


"This discreet device will play the associated sound when pressing the button on its remote controller."


"Worn over your own thumb and fixed with spirit gum, it is unnoticeable."


"The only thing that differentiates this fake blood from real blood is the fact that it's easier to wash out."


"Useful adhesive to fix wigs, beards and other costume prosthetics."


"Your genuine private-life violator."


"Classic magnet."


"Any text written with this ink will disappear within a few minutes."


"Triggering the invisible wires coming with the device will trigger the flash powder and cast a bright flash of light."


"A silk tissue with invisible pockets."


"The sides of this cube can be swapped by pressing a button to match your prediction."


"Break and repair this magic wand in the blink of an eye."


"While looking perfectly normal, these gloves will make any object stick to their surface."


"The money put into the coin slot disappears in a hidden compartment. Don't forget to give the money back afterwards."


"A little switch on the back of the box allows you to control whether the devil pops out or not."


"Makes your eye colour change without any kind of glass."


"The contents of this vial will switch from liquid to solid state when salt is added."


"The bread and butter."


He doesn't look like Harry Houdini.


Oh, now I get it! It looks like a younger Mephistopheles.


Is that a joke? Or is Mephistopheles more famous than I thought? Or more conceited?


H-hi! This is a Daedalus Club puzzle box, isn't it?


Having your eye plucked out.


I hope that's not the kind of trick you pull for the tourists.


It's pretty convincing with a bit of stage blood.


I should do this while nobody's around.


