The door's locked.


It's a device called a Wine Steward. Must be for recording their wine collection.


I guess some people are really into that sort of thing.


It's called the Wine Steward. I don't need to use it.


Into wine much? This one wall probably costs more than I've made in the past five years.


Hard to believe Styles is really into wine. He's not exactly the party type. Maybe it's left over from better days.


I really should give some of this away to charity. It's just gathering dust down here.


Laura and I were drinking wine that night at the lake. But I need to pin down which wine it might have been. We have thousands of bottles here.


*inhale* *taste*


It's not bringing up any memories.


Hmmm. Nothing.


I think... Yes. This is it!


Nice effect seeing those faces look down at you from the darkness. Maybe I can incorporate something like that into my act.


This part of the house is centuries old. The original builder had a penchant for the great cathedrals on the continent.


That must be where Dr Styles keeps his past victims. Oh, boy.


This really is a cool old place. I bet no one's been back there for ages. But it would be fun to explore someday.


There are more vaults, but they're dark and treacherous.


Um... not gonna happen. Not without a few sticks of dynamite, anyway.


Oh, my! You about gave me a heart attack, young lady.


Sorry.


Who is this?


Dr Helborn, this is Samantha Everett, Dr Styles' new assistant. Sam, this is Dr Helborn.


Assistant? Really?


Yeah. And who are you?


Well, I'll leave you two to get acquainted. I've got work to do.


If that had been Himself, my goose would have been cooked. Should never have let you talk me into it. Honestly.


So what's behind the door?


The door?


That door.


David's private lab.


And you were in there because...?


Ha! I can see why you get on with him. I'm looking out for a friend, Sam.


Speaking of which, have you noticed David acting... unusual lately?


You mean he has behaviour that isn't unusual?


Are you David's doctor?


No. I offered, but he doesn't want to be treated.


But there's nothing wrong with him, right? Other than the fact that he must have loved his wife very much.


I'd like to show you something. Come here.


Does David feel guilty because he was driving the car the night of the accident?


No... David was thrown from the car. He was perfectly fine. That can be very hard to accept.


Oh, god! He got burned trying to save Laura?


Do you know that when a fire burns like that, a petrol fire, it's so hot that just getting within three feet of it can be like holding your hand in a flame? No sane person can make themselves walk into a fire like that.


But he did... right?


He did everything humanly possible, but to David it will never be enough.


What do you mean by David acting "unusual"?


For instance... talking to someone who isn't there, or seeing things.


David isn't crazy!


No, but he doesn't sleep much, and sleep deprivation can cause hallucinations.


If you're talking about the things happening on campus - they're really happening. I've investigated them myself.


On campus? What things?


Um... what things are you talking about?


I really can't discuss that with you. Confidentiality. So there's nothing you want to tell me?


No. I shouldn't reveal what I've learned as David's assistant.


Very well. Goodbye, Sam.


Sorry. I was going to see you out.


No need. I know the house well. Thank you.


The doorbell is ringing. Who can it be?


I'd better go and see who rang the bell.


I ask again, who are you?


I could have sworn Mrs Dalton answered that. My name is Simon Helborn. I'm an old friend of David's. Sounds like you and I have a few things to talk about, Sam.


Sit down on that stool there.


Why?


A brief demonstration.


Very good. Now put your hands under the table, on your lap.


Watch the table top.


You're doing the exact same motions on my hand as you're doing on the table top.


Just watch.


Ow!


What did you feel?


Nothing. But... I just had the impression you were going to smash my hand.


That's the power of association. Because you saw the counter being tapped and stroked and you felt the identical sensations on your hand, your brain began to link the counter and your hand.


We can become associated with anything - an object, a place, or another person. When you become deeply associated with someone and they die, in a way, your brain is saying, "This person is dead. I am this person, so I must be dead, too."


And David was that connected with Laura.


David adored Laura. But in his case, the association is compounded by guilt.


You put a piece of paper in your pocket as you came out of the lab. Find something interesting in there?


Nothing I'm at liberty to discuss.


Still locked. Damn! I thought Mrs Dalton might have left it open.


I could break in. But Dr Styles is such a private person. He'd never forgive me if he found out.


With any luck, Dr Helborn won't notice that the paper he put in his pocket is missing until he's back at his office. Let's see what it says.


